Adds a warning in the upgrade doc about split cluster (#17755)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade-warning.rst

    Please use the official rendered version released here:
    https://docs.cilium.io

> .. warning::

Reviewer: Looking at the [preview](https://deploy-preview-17755--cilium-doc.netlify.app/operations/upgrade.html#upgrade-guide), I think we would ideally integrate this text into the guide somewhere a bit more naturally rather than as the first warning that appears on the page. While this is an important point, I don't think that it needs to be the first thing on the page and it probably doesn't need to be called out in a warning box.  The upgrade guide has barely started at this point and this would mean there are already two warnings :thinking:

Author: Done. Curious how did you get the preview line? (I tested the change locally via `make render-docs`)

Reviewer: The link? We haven't had this for too long, but if you scroll down to the bottom in the checks, there is one called `deploy/netlify`. If you click on "Details" there then it'll provide a preview of the PR docs.

>    All Cilium components should run the same version for operation. Upgrading
>    just one of them (e.g., upgrading the agent without upgrading the operator)
>    could result in unexpected cluster behaviors.

Reviewer: I wonder if we can just move text like this further down into the actual page rather than this upgrade-warning snippet which is included in multiple places. Perhaps here?

https://deploy-preview-17755--cilium-doc.netlify.app/operations/upgrade.html#upgrading-cilium

Then perhaps we can phrase it not as a warning, but more like an overview, something like:

```suggestion
   During normal cluster operations, all Cilium components should run the same version for operation. Upgrading
   just one of them (e.g., upgrading the agent without upgrading the operator)
   could result in unexpected cluster behavior. The following steps will describe how to upgrade all of the components from one stable release to a later stable release.
```

(This could be immediately above the second upgrade-warning include).

Author: I like your suggestion :) Having 2 warnings right in the beginning does seem a bit intimidating now that I look at it...done.
